In Java,
we talked about how lengthy things are and
how verbose the language is.
There is what's called local
variable type inference, which is
a really long phrase that basically
says you can use var for data types.
So instead of doing something like this,
boolean isWaterWet = true;,
I could say var isWaterWet = true;.
This does not make Java dynamically type,
it's still static type.
What it's going to do is, in var,
was the data type based on whatever
it is that I assigned to it?
Which means I can only use var if
I'm actually assigning a value to
that variable, and the variable has
to be local as the name implies.
It cannot be one of the global variables,
okay?
So this is a local variable because
it's inside of a main method, right?
This one is a global variable, so
I would not be able to do that.
We might use var sometimes.
I love writing var,
it's one of my favorite things.
So I just write var and
then whatever it is,
I don't have to think about
the data type too heavily.
It's great for when you're using methods
that you're not really sure what the data
type will be when you come back
without examining the method.
Var blah blah, call a method and Java
knows what the data type will be, okay?
>> Doesn't that get confusing with
certain data types, int versus doubles,
for example, where that might matter?
>> If you assign it and
then later on you like hover over it,
Java will tell you like
what it inferred from that.
And then, if you were doing
something that required a double or
something like that, you'd be fine, yeah.